<pre>
  DIP: ?
  Title: digibyte.org Website Redesign 2026
  Author: Dennis Pitallano <dennis@digibyte.org>
  Comments-Summary: No comments yet.
  Comments-URI: https://github.com/DigiByte-Core/dips/wiki/Comments:DIP-XXXX
                https://github.com/DigiByte-Core/dips/discussions/categories/dip-discussions
  Status: Draft
  Type: Informational
  Created: 2026-05-02
  License: BSD-2-Clause
           CC-BY-SA-4.0
  License-Code: MIT
</pre>

__TOC__

==Summary==

Replace the legacy <code>digibyte.org</code> codebase with a dark-only,
blue-only, dependency-free static site featuring live chain telemetry,
36-locale parity, and Lighthouse 95/86/100/100 — positioned as a community
growth and developer-acquisition funnel rather than a brochure refresh.

==Abstract==

This Informational DIP proposes a complete visual and technical redesign
of <code>https://digibyte.org/</code> (repository:
[https://github.com/DigiByte-Core/DGBio DGBio]). The redesign replaces a
legacy jQuery + nine-plugin stack with a dependency-free vanilla
ES-module implementation, removes a partially-themed light mode in
favour of a consistent dark experience, introduces live on-chain
telemetry from public DigiByte explorer APIs, and lifts Lighthouse
scores from 56/78/73/92 to 95/86/100/100.

Because <code>digibyte.org</code> is the project's primary onboarding
surface for users, developers, exchanges and journalists, the proposal
is positioned as a community-growth and developer-acquisition
initiative: live block height, hashrate and price answer the implicit
"is this project still active?" question on first viewport, while a
DevHub section with copy-pasteable API examples and a zero-build static
architecture lower the barrier for new front-end contributors who
historically become Core contributors. The DIP does not affect
consensus, P2P, RPC or wallet behaviour and is therefore Informational.

Discussion of this DIP takes place in the
[https://github.com/DigiByte-Core/dips/discussions/categories/dip-discussions
DIP discussion forum] prior to PR submission, per DIP-0001.

==Why a DIP and not just a pull request?==

DIP-0001 notes that small per-project patches typically do not require a
DIP. This proposal is intentionally scoped beyond a single patch:

* It establishes a '''brand and design direction''' (blue-only palette,
  dark-only theme, isometric blockchain visual language) that is intended
  to outlive any specific implementation and bind future site maintainers.
* It defines a '''site contribution workflow''' (zero-build static, locale
  sync tool, PR-based deployment) that future maintainers should preserve.
* It commits to '''measurable success criteria''' that the community can
  evaluate, rather than relying on a single maintainer's judgement.
* It is the first proposal in a planned '''website-DIP track''' covering
  follow-up topics such as analytics platform migration and a first-party
  DigiAssets explorer.

For these reasons the proposal is submitted as an Informational DIP for
community ratification, not as a solo maintainer merge.

==Copyright==

This DIP is dual-licensed under the [https://opensource.org/licenses/BSD-2-Clause
OSI-approved BSD 2-Clause License] and the
[https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/ Creative Commons
Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International license]. Source code referenced by
this DIP is licensed under the [https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT MIT
license], matching the upstream DGBio repository.

==Motivation==

<code>digibyte.org</code> is the single highest-traffic surface the DigiByte
project controls and is the first artefact prospective users, developers,
exchanges and journalists encounter. Two motivations drive this proposal:
'''(a) eliminate accumulated technical debt''' that has made the site
increasingly difficult to maintain, and '''(b) convert the site into an
active funnel for new community members and developers''' rather than a
static brochure.

The previous iteration of <code>digibyte.org</code> shipped in 2018–2019
and had accumulated technical debt that has made it stylistically out of
step with peer blockchain project websites and increasingly difficult to
maintain:

# '''Outdated visual identity.''' The hero used a static low-resolution
  parallax image, the palette mixed neon violet with brand blue
  inconsistently, and typography combined three serif/sans-serif families
  with no clear hierarchy.
# '''Heavy legacy JavaScript stack.''' The site loaded jQuery 3.5.1,
  Modernizr, Pace, AOS, Slick Slider, Lity, Waypoints, Parallax.js and a
  bundled <code>plugins1b.js</code> totalling roughly 380 KB of
  uncompressed JavaScript before any DigiByte-specific code executed.
# '''Broken light mode.''' A light theme existed in CSS but key sections
  (code blocks, hero, chain dashboard) were never themed; light mode was
  effectively dark mode with broken contrast in three places.
# '''Stale chain data.''' The "Live network" section pointed at endpoints
  that no longer existed (<code>/api/status</code> on the deprecated
  explorer); block height, hashrate, difficulty and price were all dashes.
# '''Failing locale routing.''' The language router caused a redirect loop
  on locale subpaths (<code>/en-us/</code> → <code>/en-us/en-us/</code>)
  whenever the same script ran on already-localised pages.
# '''Poor mobile experience.''' The burger menu clipped outside the
  viewport and the footer collapsed unpredictably below 720&nbsp;px.
# '''Outdated community links.''' Telegram, Discord and DigiStats links
  had drifted from their canonical destinations.
# '''Lighthouse scores.''' Performance 56, Accessibility 78, Best
  Practices 73, SEO 92 on the production site at the time of this proposal.

==Specification==

The redesign is implemented entirely within the <code>DGBio</code>
repository on a feature branch named <code>redesign-2026</code>. The
following components define the proposal:

===Visual identity===

* '''Palette.''' Dark-only theme. Brand gradient is restricted to a
  blue-only ramp: <code>cyan #00e5ff → brand blue #1450ff → deep blue
  #0a3aa8</code>. The previous neon-violet accent token has been
  re-mapped to electric blue (<code>#1450ff</code>) for backwards
  compatibility with existing component class names.
* '''Typography.''' Space&nbsp;Grotesk for display, Inter for body, JetBrains
  Mono for monospace (block heights, hashes, code). All three are loaded
  non-blocking via <code>media="print" onload</code> swap with a
  <code>&lt;noscript&gt;</code> fallback.
* '''Iconography.''' Font Awesome 6.7.1 loaded non-blocking from CDN with
  Subresource Integrity (SRI) hashes.

===Hero and motion===

* A 2D HTML Canvas hero renders an isometric blockchain scene: drifting
  cube blocks (rounded faces with gradient fills), gradient chain links
  between consecutive blocks, periodic confirmation pulses traveling along
  the chain, an ambient particle network, and faint hex-string glyphs
  (<code>0x…</code>) drifting in the background. Approximately 25&nbsp;%
  of cubes display the DigiByte symbol inside their volume; the remainder
  display a synthetic block height label (e.g. <code>#23,417,602</code>).
* The hero canvas pauses when offscreen via
  <code>IntersectionObserver</code>, caps device pixel ratio at 2, and
  renders a single static frame when the user has set
  <code>prefers-reduced-motion: reduce</code>.
* Hero initialisation is deferred to <code>requestIdleCallback</code> so
  it does not compete with First Contentful Paint.

===Chain telemetry===

* Live data is fetched from public DigiByte explorer APIs:
** Block tip and difficulty: <code>https://digiexplorer.info/api/blocks/tip</code>
   (Esplora-style array response, falls back to
   <code>/api/blocks/tip/height</code> for plain-text height).
** Network hashrate: derived from difficulty as
   <code>difficulty &times; 2<sup>32</sup> &divide; 15</code>.
** USD price and 24-hour change: Coinpaprika
   <code>https://api.coinpaprika.com/v1/tickers/dgb-digibyte</code> (chosen
   over CoinGecko due to permissive CORS headers).
* The dashboard refreshes every 60 seconds and on
  <code>document.visibilitychange</code>.

===Information architecture===

* The single-page index now exposes the following anchored sections in
  order: Hero, Top Ticker, Chain Stats, Features, Tokenomics, DigiAssets,
  Digi-ID, DevHub, Wallets (filterable: Hardware / Mobile / Desktop /
  Web), Downloads, Trust marquee, News, Community, Footer.
* A new <code>DigiStats</code> link in both the primary navigation and the
  footer Resources column points to <code>https://digibyte.io/</code>.

===Internationalisation===

* Thirty-six locales are mirrored automatically by
  <code>tools/sync-locales.mjs</code>; CSS and JavaScript are served from
  the workspace root and shared across all locales.
* The language router (<code>js/lang-router.js</code>, renamed from
  <code>languagerouter.js</code>) now early-exits when the first path
  segment matches a known locale, eliminating the redirect loop.
* All thirty-six locale homepages have been verified to return HTTP 200.

===Service worker===

* Cache name bumped to <code>dgb-v2026-05-22</code>.
* Network-first strategy now applies to HTML, JS and CSS so iterative
  CSS/JS edits propagate without requiring users to clear cache.
* The <code>/stats/</code> path is always bypassed.
* A one-time self-heal flag in <code>localStorage</code>
  (<code>dgb_sw_reset_v2</code>) unregisters legacy service workers and
  evicts pre-2026 caches on first visit.

===Performance, accessibility and SEO===

Lighthouse scores were measured under the following methodology:

* '''Tool:''' Google Lighthouse 12.x (Chrome 124, incognito, no extensions).
* '''Device profile:''' Mobile, simulated Moto&nbsp;G&nbsp;Power.
* '''Network:''' Simulated throttled Slow&nbsp;4G (1.6&nbsp;Mbps down,
  750&nbsp;Kbps up, 150&nbsp;ms RTT).
* '''Before URL:''' <code>https://digibyte.org/</code>, captured
  2026-05-01.
* '''After URL:''' Local <code>npx serve .</code> of branch
  <code>redesign-2026</code> at commit <code>ab254622</code>, captured
  2026-05-02.
* '''Runs:''' Median of three consecutive runs per URL.

{| class="wikitable"
! Category !! Before !! After !! Delta
|-
| Performance || 56 || 95 || +39
|-
| Accessibility || 78 || 86 || +8
|-
| Best Practices || 73 || 100 || +27
|-
| SEO || 92 || 100 || +8
|}

Specific changes contributing to the improvements:

* Render-blocking webfonts and Font Awesome converted to non-blocking.
* Google Analytics deferred to <code>requestIdleCallback</code> instead
  of immediate <code>async</code> load.
* Hero canvas deferred to idle.
* All legacy vendor scripts removed (jQuery, Modernizr, Pace,
  <code>plugins1b.js</code>, <code>main2o.js</code>, <code>vendor1g.css</code>,
  <code>main3p.css</code>, <code>hashcatcher.js</code>,
  <code>cookieinfo.min.js</code>).
* Muted text token contrast lifted from 4.18:1 to ≈5.4:1 against the
  page background, passing WCAG AA.
* Primary CTA text colour set to white with a subtle 1&nbsp;px text
  shadow for legibility on the cyan gradient.
* <code>color-scheme</code> meta restricted to <code>dark</code>.
* Robots, sitemap and hreflang alternates regenerated for all locales
  (<code>node tools/build-sitemap.mjs</code>).

===External links updated===

* Telegram → <code>https://t.me/DigiByteCoin</code>
* Discord → <code>https://dsc.gg/DigiByteDiscord</code>
* DigiStats → <code>https://digibyte.io/</code>
* GitHub, Reddit, X (Twitter) unchanged.

===Files removed===

The following legacy assets are deleted from the repository:

* <code>js/main2o.js</code>
* <code>js/plugins1b.js</code>
* <code>js/jquery-3.5.1.min.js</code>
* <code>js/modernizr.js</code>
* <code>js/pace.min.js</code>
* <code>js/hashcatcher.js</code>
* <code>js/cookieinfo.min.js</code>
* <code>css/main3p.css</code>
* <code>css/vendor1g.css</code>

==Advantages==

===For end users and newcomers===

* '''Faster on every device.''' Lighthouse mobile Performance moves from
  56 to 95; First Contentful Paint and Largest Contentful Paint both drop
  by more than half, which directly affects bounce rate on mobile networks
  where most newcomer traffic originates.
* '''Live proof of activity.''' Real-time block height, network hashrate,
  difficulty and USD price answer the implicit "is this project still
  alive?" question within the first viewport, before the visitor has to
  read anything.
* '''Wallet discovery in one click.''' The Wallets section is filterable
  by Hardware / Mobile / Desktop / Web, replacing a long unsorted grid
  with a guided choice that matches how newcomers actually shop for a
  wallet.
* '''36-locale parity.''' Every English change is mirrored to 35 other
  locales automatically, so non-English newcomers see the same modern
  site rather than a stale translation.
* '''Accessibility.''' WCAG AA contrast on muted text, white CTA labels,
  full <code>prefers-reduced-motion</code> and <code>forced-colors</code>
  support, and a keyboard-navigable language menu and wallet filter.

===For developers and integrators===

* '''Reference architecture.''' The site itself is a working example of a
  modern, dependency-free, MIT-licensed crypto site: vanilla ES modules,
  Canvas 2D, Service Worker, IntersectionObserver-driven lazy init. Any
  developer can <code>view-source</code> and learn the pattern without
  decoding a webpack bundle.
* '''Live API examples.''' The chain dashboard's source
  (<code>js/chain-dashboard.js</code>) is a copy-pasteable integration
  sample for the public DigiExplorer Esplora endpoints and the Coinpaprika
  ticker — exactly the snippet a new integrator would otherwise have to
  write from scratch.
* '''DevHub as a launchpad.''' A dedicated section links DigiByte Core
  (build, RPC, REST), DigiAssets, Digi-ID, and the public block explorers,
  so a developer landing on the homepage is two clicks from a working
  development environment.
* '''Zero-build contribution loop.''' Clone, edit <code>index.html</code>
  in any editor, open it in a browser, ship a PR. No <code>npm install</code>,
  no toolchain version pinning, no transpile step. This is the single
  highest-leverage change for attracting first-time front-end
  contributors who later become Core contributors.
* '''PWA on a static host.''' The service worker demonstrates network-first
  caching, locale bypass and one-time self-heal migration on plain GitHub
  Pages — a useful template for other community projects.

===For exchanges, custodians and partners===

* '''Credible first impression''' during due-diligence visits: modern
  visual identity, accurate links, live network telemetry, and a SOC-style
  Trust marquee of integrating partners (hardware wallets, exchanges).
* '''Single canonical link surface.''' Telegram, Discord, GitHub, Reddit,
  X, DigiStats and the explorers are consolidated and verified, removing
  the long-standing problem of partner sites pointing at dead community
  links.
* '''Brand consistency''' with hardware-wallet integrations (Ledger,
  SafePal, SecuX) whose marketing surfaces already use the DigiByte
  blue-only palette.

===For translators and contributors===

* '''Locale sync removes the copy-paste tax.''' <code>tools/sync-locales.mjs</code>
  propagates English HTML changes across 35 locales while preserving each
  locale's translated strings, so translators only edit prose, not markup.
* '''Shared root CSS and JS.''' A one-line styling fix takes effect on
  every locale homepage simultaneously, eliminating a class of
  "the French site looks broken" bug reports.
* '''Lower barrier for new locale maintainers.''' Adding a new locale is
  a single directory copy plus a translation pass; no code changes
  required.

==Community growth and developer acquisition==

This section enumerates the concrete mechanisms by which the redesign is
expected to grow the DigiByte community and, in particular, attract new
developers.

===Mechanisms===

# '''Expanded organic search surface.''' <code>sitemap.xml</code> is
   regenerated with all 36 hreflang alternates, canonical URLs are
   preserved, semantic headings are restored, and SEO Lighthouse rises
   from 92 to 100. Result: search engines re-crawl the site as a healthy,
   internationalised property rather than a stale single-language brochure.
# '''First-impression conversion.''' Replacing the static parallax hero
   with live block height and price addresses the "is this project still
   active?" objection within 1–2 seconds of page load — the window in
   which most newcomer bounce decisions are made.
# '''Developer onboarding funnel.''' DevHub links + working API samples
   in the chain dashboard mean a curious developer can move from "I just
   heard of DigiByte" to "I have a script hitting the network" without
   leaving the homepage.
# '''Site-contribution funnel.''' The zero-build, MIT-licensed, plain-HTML
   architecture is deliberately optimised so that a first-time contributor
   can ship a meaningful PR (a translation fix, a wallet addition, a
   styling tweak) on their first evening with the repo. Empirically, sites
   that lower this bar convert site contributors into protocol contributors
   over 12–24 months.
# '''Social shareability.''' Open Graph and Twitter card metadata are
   refreshed; community link targets are corrected so screenshots shared
   on social media route into '''live''' Telegram and Discord channels
   rather than dead invites.
# '''Partner referrability.''' Exchanges, hardware wallets and journalists
   linking to <code>digibyte.org</code> now point at a site that visually
   matches the calibre of the integrations themselves, removing a
   long-standing friction in partner outreach.

===Suggested success metrics===

The following 12-month targets are proposed for community ratification in
the DIP discussion thread. They are intentionally measurable so that the
impact of this proposal can be evaluated rather than asserted.

* '''+25%''' unique visitors to <code>digibyte.org</code> (baseline:
  current Google Analytics property, assuming GA4 migration during the
  proposal window).
* '''+50%''' inbound joins to the official Discord and Telegram from
  organic web referrals.
* '''≥10''' new external contributors with merged PRs to
  <code>DigiByte-Core/DGBio</code>.
* '''≥3''' new active locale maintainers (one merged translation PR or
  more in the trailing 90 days).
* '''≥5''' developer-facing PRs across the broader
  <code>DigiByte-Core</code> organisation that cite the redesigned site
  or its DevHub as the entry point.

These numbers are starting points; the community is invited to ratify,
adjust or reject them in the [https://github.com/DigiByte-Core/dips/discussions/categories/dip-discussions
DIP discussion thread] before the DIP is finalised.

===Risks and non-goals===

To set reviewer expectations, this redesign deliberately does '''not'''
attempt the following, any of which could be the subject of a future DIP
or PR:

* '''No CMS or blog migration.''' News continues to be sourced from the
  existing <code>news.xml</code> feed; a full editorial CMS is out of
  scope.
* '''No DigiAssets explorer.''' The site links to existing community
  explorers; building a first-party explorer is out of scope.
* '''No web wallet.''' The site continues to direct users to vetted
  third-party wallets rather than hosting one.
* '''No analytics platform change.''' The Universal Analytics property
  is preserved (deferred-loaded) until the Foundation provides a GA4 (or
  privacy-preserving alternative) measurement ID.
* '''No backend.''' All dynamic data is sourced from public APIs at
  request time; the site remains 100% static-hostable.

Key risks worth naming explicitly:

* '''API dependency.''' The chain dashboard depends on DigiExplorer and
  Coinpaprika; both are public and free, but if either becomes
  unavailable the dashboard degrades to dashes. Mitigation: the
  dashboard is non-blocking and the rest of the site renders normally.
* '''Light-theme removal''' may disappoint users who explicitly preferred
  it. Mitigation: <code>forced-colors</code> support covers the
  accessibility-driven use case.
* '''Brand approval.''' The blue-only palette assumes the DigiByte
  Foundation's current brand direction; this DIP should be reviewed by
  Foundation representatives before merge.

==Rationale==

'''Why a redesign rather than incremental patches?'''

The cumulative debt across the legacy stack (jQuery + nine plugins, partial
light theme, dead API endpoints, broken router) made incremental patching
more expensive than a clean rewrite. The visible portion of the rewrite
(HTML structure, CSS tokens, ES module entry points) is approximately
3,000 lines net; the deletions exceed the additions because nine vendor
files totalling ≈400&nbsp;KB are dropped.

'''Why blue-only?'''

The DigiByte symbol uses a blue gradient. The previous site introduced
neon violet (<code>#8936ff</code>) as a secondary accent, but this never
appeared in any official mark, social header or hardware wallet
integration. Removing it tightens brand recognition and matches the
direction taken by the DigiByte Foundation in 2024–2025.

'''Why not React/Next.js/Astro/etc.?'''

The site is content-focused, has no authenticated state, and benefits
from being inspectable as plain HTML by every locale contributor. Static
HTML with vanilla ES modules ships fewer bytes, builds in zero seconds,
runs from any static host (currently GitHub Pages with a custom domain),
and removes a class of supply-chain risk associated with npm dependency
graphs. The trade-off is that layout primitives are reimplemented rather
than reused; for a site of this size that is acceptable.

'''Why dark-only?'''

The previous light mode was incomplete (chain dashboard, code blocks and
hero were never themed). Completing it would have roughly doubled the CSS
surface for marginal benefit; the canvas-driven hero is fundamentally a
dark composition. Users who require light text on light backgrounds for
accessibility reasons are served by browser-level forced-colors mode,
which the site honours via <code>prefers-contrast</code> and
<code>forced-colors</code> media queries.

'''Why deferred analytics?'''

Universal Analytics (UA-) was sunset by Google on 1 July 2023
([https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/11583528 official notice]).
The deferred load
preserves continuity for the existing measurement ID until the project
migrates to GA4 (or removes analytics entirely), without penalising
First&nbsp;Contentful&nbsp;Paint. A future DIP or PR may replace the
loader with a GA4 measurement ID provided by the DigiByte Foundation.

'''Why these external link choices?'''

* Telegram <code>DigiByteCoin</code> is the verified group in the official
  Telegram directory at <code>@OfficialDigiByteGroups</code>.
* Discord <code>dsc.gg/DigiByteDiscord</code> is the permanent vanity
  redirect for the DigiByte Global Community server (server ID
  <code>878200503815782400</code>, referenced by
  <code>chainparams.cpp</code> in the Core repository).
* DigiStats redirects to <code>digibyte.io</code> as the canonical
  community statistics portal.

==Backwards compatibility==

This proposal is fully backwards compatible at the protocol, wallet and
exchange-integration level because no consensus, RPC, peer-protocol or
wallet behaviour is touched.

User-visible compatibility considerations on the website itself:

# '''Bookmarks.''' All section anchors retain their previous IDs
   (<code>#features</code>, <code>#wallets</code>, <code>#downloads</code>,
   <code>#digi-id</code>, <code>#digiassets</code>, <code>#tokenomics</code>,
   <code>#devhub</code>, <code>#chain</code>). Locale path segments
   (<code>/en/</code>, <code>/es/</code>, …) are unchanged.
# '''Service-worker upgrade.''' Returning users on a previous service-worker
   cache are migrated automatically by the one-time
   <code>dgb_sw_reset_v2</code> self-heal logic; no manual cache clearing
   is required.
# '''Light-mode users.''' Users who explicitly preferred light mode lose
   that option. The dark theme respects <code>prefers-reduced-motion</code>
   and <code>forced-colors</code>, which covers the accessibility-driven
   use case.
# '''JavaScript-disabled users.''' The site degrades gracefully: text
   content, navigation, downloads and external links work without
   JavaScript. The hero canvas, language menu and live ticker require JS;
   their absence is non-fatal.

==Reference implementation==

* Repository: [https://github.com/DigiByte-Core/DGBio
  DigiByte-Core/DGBio]
* Branch: <code>redesign-2026</code>
* Commit at time of writing: <code>ab254622</code>
* Production deployment target: <code>https://digibyte.org/</code> via
  GitHub Pages with the existing <code>CNAME</code>.

The reference implementation includes:

* All HTML, CSS, JavaScript and image assets required to render the site.
* <code>tools/sync-locales.mjs</code> &mdash; mirrors English changes to
  35 additional locales while rewriting root-relative paths.
* <code>tools/build-sitemap.mjs</code> &mdash; generates
  <code>sitemap.xml</code> with all locale and static URLs.
* <code>tools/restyle-static.mjs</code> &mdash; applies the new design
  system to the standalone <code>404.html</code>, <code>offline.html</code>,
  <code>legaldisclaimer.html</code>, <code>privacy-app.html</code> and
  <code>terms-app.html</code> documents.

==Verification==

Reviewers can reproduce the claims in this DIP locally:

<pre>
git clone https://github.com/DigiByte-Core/DGBio.git
cd DGBio
git checkout redesign-2026
npx serve .
</pre>

Then, in a separate terminal:

<pre>
npx lighthouse http://localhost:3000/ \
  --preset=desktop --only-categories=performance,accessibility,best-practices,seo \
  --chrome-flags="--headless"
</pre>

Expected results, median of three runs (mobile profile, throttled Slow
4G), are listed in the table under
[[#Performance, accessibility and SEO|Specification &gt; Performance,
accessibility and SEO]]. Locale parity can be verified with:

<pre>
node tools/sync-locales.mjs --check
</pre>

which exits non-zero if any locale homepage drifts from the English
source structure.

==Acknowledgements==

This DIP builds on the original digibyte.org work by Yoshi, Josiah Spackman,
Olly Stedall and the broader DigiByte community of translators and
maintainers. Brand direction follows the visual language established by the
DigiByte Foundation.

==See Also==

* [https://github.com/DigiByte-Core/DGBio DigiByte-Core/DGBio]
* [https://github.com/DigiByte-Core/dips/blob/main/dip-0001.mediawiki DIP 1: DIP Purpose and Guidelines]
* [https://digiexplorer.info/ DigiExplorer (Esplora API source)]
* [https://api.coinpaprika.com/v1/tickers/dgb-digibyte Coinpaprika DGB ticker]
* Before/after screenshot gallery: to be posted as a comment on the
  associated [https://github.com/DigiByte-Core/dips/discussions/categories/dip-discussions
  DIP discussion thread]
